{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww6980\viewh11880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PRICING\
\
Our Approach to Pricing\
\
Our goal is to prosper alongside our clients, not at their expense. We offer fair and flexible rater, with creative deal structures available to meet your specific budget situation. Really. ;o)\
We work hard, we work fast, and we never forget that we work for you.\
\
To discuss a potential project and/or request a quote,\
please email us or call 206-498-8202.\
\
CLIENTS\
\
Our Commitment to Our Clients\
\
At the end of the day, there is only on true measure of consultant's effectiveness -- honest and direct feedback from the clients they serve. We ask, we listen, and we learn - every day. Here's what we've been hearing recently.\
\
ABOUT US\
\
Who We Are\
\
Freestone Road Inc. is a Seattle-based consulting shop committed to help small to mid-size companies squeeze maximum value out of the web - without spending a fortune to do so. We believe that the web is an incredibly powerful business development tool - whether you're acquiring customers, selling direct, supporting off-line retail channels, or simply spreading the word about your brand. But it can also be a huge financial drain and distraction if you dive in without a solid plan and the right skills to grow efficiently, I created Freestone Road in order to help - by providing seasoned, independent advice that can help you plot a wise course and stay on the right track.\
\
What we Do\
\
Here at Freestone Road we build smart plans and we help our clients execute them. We are strategists - working with clients to evaluate opportunities, interpret results, prioritize programs, and create efficient, achievable growth plans. We are also accomplished "do-ers", having faced and overcome many of the same challenges that you face today. We love driving into the details, getting key programs started, training in-house staff, and leading tactical projects to meet specific goals and timelines.\
\
How We Operate\
\
Over the past 3 year, I've kept Freestone Road small and focused by design. I still assume hands-on responsibiltiy for every engagement we take on, and I still work with a small, hand-picked group of subject matter experts to keep quality high and costs manageable. Freestone Road accepts a limited number of engagements each year, and we never work with more than 3 clients at once. Why? Because we believe in the power of staying focused, delivering quality work, and providing each and every client with exceptional...........(CONTENT NOT COMPLETED)\
\
How to Learn More\
\
If you think Freestone Road may be able to help your business grow, I invite you to e-mail or call me directly any time. I'm always happy to discuss new business opportunities and ideas for growth. Let's see if Freestone Road is a good fit -- initial consultations.\
\
Helping Web-Enabled Business Find Their Way in Today's Complex World.\
\
Freesone Road\
2317 Walnnut Ave SW\
Seattle, WA 98116\
\
Info@freestoneroad.com\
(206) 498-8202\
(123) 123-1234\
\
}